README.md, before:

[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/etherealxx/volatile-concentration-localux-colab/blob/main/volatile_concentration_localux_colab.ipynb) <- Click here to access the colab
# Project VCL-Colab
Another camenduru colab ~~clone~~ alternative.😋 

Features:
- All Camenduru colab flavor in one single colab
- Bypass the damned google colab warning (when it detects `stable-diffusion-webui` and `sd-webui` string)
- Option to choose model from a Gradio UI directly on Colab cell output
- Automatic update, synced in real time with Camenduru's repo

The automatic update works by basically scraping from camenduru's repo, so it will automatically update the model list everytime Camenduru's repo got new models.<br/>
As long as he doesn't change much on the repo code, this colab will always works without the need to maintain it.

Basically proof-of-concept. Would like to hear feedbacks and suggestion on the issues page.

### ⚠️ Things to Note!
- The usual `/content/stable-diffusion-webui` is renamed to `/content/volatile-concentration-localux`, just keep in mind. Every file and folder inside is normal. (Pretty obvious though)

### ⚠️ Got an Error 403?
Read [here](https://github.com/etherealxx/volatile-concentration-localux-colab/blob/main/error403guide.md) for guide to fix it.

### 🆙 Latest Update:
- 02/07/2025 (July): Bypass the new colab warning that detects `sd-webui` string.
- 16/06/2023 (June): Added `a1111-sd-webui-tagcomplete` and `composable-lora extension` as optional choosable extension. Fixed 'all extension is missing' bug.

Commit message:

readme and some text update

README.md, after:

[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/etherealxx/volatile-concentration-localux-colab/blob/main/volatile_concentration_localux_colab.ipynb) <- Click here to access the colab
# Project VCL-Colab
Another camenduru colab ~~clone~~ alternative.😋 

Features:
- All Camenduru colab flavor in one single colab
- Bypass the damned google colab warning (when it detects `stable-diffusion-webui` and `sd-webui` string)
- Option to choose model from a Gradio UI directly on Colab cell output
- Automatic update, synced in real time with Camenduru's repo

The automatic update works by basically scraping from camenduru's repo, so it will automatically update the model list everytime Camenduru's repo got new models.<br/>
As long as he doesn't change much on the repo code, this colab will always works without the need to maintain it.

Basically proof-of-concept. Would like to hear feedbacks and suggestion on the issues page.

### ⚠️ Things to Note!
- The usual `/content/stable-diffusion-webui` is renamed to `/content/volatile-concentration-localux`, just keep in mind. Every file and folder inside is normal. (Pretty obvious though)

### ⚠️ Got an Error 403?
Read [here](https://github.com/etherealxx/volatile-concentration-localux-colab/blob/main/error403guide.md) for guide to fix it.

### 🆙 Latest Update:
- 07/07/2025 (July): Fixed some typo in the repo extract code (fixed lite branch). Added `torchmetrics==0.11.4` as an additional dependency for lite branch.
- 02/07/2025 (July): Bypass the new colab warning that detects `sd-webui` string.
- 16/06/2023 (June): Added `a1111-sd-webui-tagcomplete` and `composable-lora extension` as optional choosable extension. Fixed 'all extension is missing' bug.
